com/challenge/exceptions/SelfFollow.java
 com.challenge.exceptions.SelfFollow
com/challenge/repositories/PromotionalPostRepository.java
 com.challenge.repositories.PromotionalPostRepository
com/challenge/services/ProductService.java
 com.challenge.services.ProductService
com/challenge/controllers/ProductController.java
 com.challenge.controllers.ProductController
com/challenge/services/PromotionalPostService.java
 com.challenge.services.PromotionalPostService
com/challenge/dtos/FollowersResponse.java
 com.challenge.dtos.FollowersResponse
 com.challenge.dtos.FollowersResponse$FollowersResponseBuilder
com/challenge/controllers/PromotionalPostController.java
 com.challenge.controllers.PromotionalPostController
com/challenge/dtos/CreatePostRequest.java
 com.challenge.dtos.CreatePostRequest
com/challenge/exceptions/UserNotFound.java
 com.challenge.exceptions.UserNotFound
com/challenge/sorting/user/NameDescendingFollowListUserSorter.java
 com.challenge.sorting.user.NameDescendingFollowListUserSorter
com/challenge/repositories/UserRepository.java
 com.challenge.repositories.UserRepository
com/challenge/entities/PromotionalPost.java
 com.challenge.entities.PromotionalPost
 com.challenge.entities.PromotionalPost$PromotionalPostBuilder
 com.challenge.entities.PromotionalPost$PromotionalPostBuilderImpl
com/challenge/repositories/PostRepository.java
 com.challenge.repositories.PostRepository
com/challenge/PopulateDatabase.java
 com.challenge.PopulateDatabase
com/challenge/dtos/PromotionalPostsResponse.java
 com.challenge.dtos.PromotionalPostsResponse
 com.challenge.dtos.PromotionalPostsResponse$PromotionalPostsResponseBuilder
com/challenge/controllers/UserController.java
 com.challenge.controllers.UserController
com/challenge/entities/Post.java
 com.challenge.entities.Post
 com.challenge.entities.Post$PostBuilder
 com.challenge.entities.Post$PostBuilderImpl
com/challenge/entities/Product.java
 com.challenge.entities.Product
 com.challenge.entities.Product$ProductBuilder
com/challenge/entities/Seller.java
 com.challenge.entities.Seller
 com.challenge.entities.Seller$SellerBuilder
 com.challenge.entities.Seller$SellerBuilderImpl
com/challenge/repositories/SellerRepository.java
 com.challenge.repositories.SellerRepository
com/challenge/services/FollowService.java
 com.challenge.services.FollowService
com/challenge/dtos/ErrorResponse.java
 com.challenge.dtos.ErrorResponse
 com.challenge.dtos.ErrorResponse$ErrorResponseBuilder
com/challenge/exceptions/SellerNotFound.java
 com.challenge.exceptions.SellerNotFound
com/challenge/controllers/SellerController.java
 com.challenge.controllers.SellerController
com/challenge/dtos/FollowersCountResponse.java
 com.challenge.dtos.FollowersCountResponse
 com.challenge.dtos.FollowersCountResponse$FollowersCountResponseBuilder
com/challenge/dtos/FollowedResponse.java
 com.challenge.dtos.FollowedResponse
 com.challenge.dtos.FollowedResponse$FollowedResponseBuilder
com/challenge/dtos/CreatePromotionalPostRequest.java
 com.challenge.dtos.CreatePromotionalPostRequest
com/challenge/dtos/PromotionalPostsCountResponse.java
 com.challenge.dtos.PromotionalPostsCountResponse
 com.challenge.dtos.PromotionalPostsCountResponse$PromotionalPostsCountResponseBuilder
com/challenge/exceptions/AlreadyFollowing.java
 com.challenge.exceptions.AlreadyFollowing
com/challenge/exceptions/GlobalExceptionHandler.java
 com.challenge.exceptions.GlobalExceptionHandler
com/challenge/sorting/user/FollowListUserSorter.java
 com.challenge.sorting.user.FollowListUserSorter
com/challenge/dtos/FollowedPostsResponse.java
 com.challenge.dtos.FollowedPostsResponse
 com.challenge.dtos.FollowedPostsResponse$FollowedPostsResponseBuilder
com/challenge/sorting/user/FollowListUserSorterFactory.java
 com.challenge.sorting.user.FollowListUserSorterFactory
com/challenge/dtos/CreateSellerRequest.java
 com.challenge.dtos.CreateSellerRequest
com/challenge/repositories/FollowRepository.java
 com.challenge.repositories.FollowRepository
com/challenge/sorting/user/NameAscendingFollowListUserSorter.java
 com.challenge.sorting.user.NameAscendingFollowListUserSorter
com/challenge/sorting/post/PostSortOption.java
 com.challenge.sorting.post.PostSortOption
com/challenge/controllers/FollowController.java
 com.challenge.controllers.FollowController
com/challenge/services/SellerService.java
 com.challenge.services.SellerService
com/challenge/ChallengeApplication.java
 com.challenge.ChallengeApplication
com/challenge/dtos/CreateProductRequest.java
 com.challenge.dtos.CreateProductRequest
com/challenge/entities/User.java
 com.challenge.entities.User
 com.challenge.entities.User$UserBuilder
 com.challenge.entities.User$UserBuilderImpl
com/challenge/services/UserService.java
 com.challenge.services.UserService
com/challenge/services/PostService.java
 com.challenge.services.PostService
com/challenge/controllers/PostController.java
 com.challenge.controllers.PostController
com/challenge/dtos/CreateUserRequest.java
 com.challenge.dtos.CreateUserRequest
 com.challenge.dtos.CreateUserRequest$CreateUserRequestBuilder
com/challenge/entities/Follow.java
 com.challenge.entities.Follow
 com.challenge.entities.Follow$FollowBuilder
com/challenge/repositories/ProductRepository.java
 com.challenge.repositories.ProductRepository
